# #closed-n-iriam_44950

**Channel ID**: 1448146101101269063
**取得日時**: 2026-03-03T23:25:52
**メッセージ数**: 23

---

## 会話ログ

**PrivateChannelMaker** (2025-12-10 02:55)
Hi, <@576543720644542475>!
Welcome to IRIAM! We’re so excited to have you join as a new streamer! :tada:
This private DM will be used for all future communications. Please read carefully before proceeding.

⸻

:blue_book: Onboarding Guide

Here’s your onboarding guide again:
:point_right: [IRIAM Streamer Onboarding Guide](https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/IRIAM-Streamer-Onboarding-Guide-1f6a9a61d43180968b8ddcf853a5de28)

Please review everything — especially the #JumpOnIRIAM section.
We’ve recently seen posts that don’t follow the guidelines (e.g., logo-only posts or posts made before the debut date). Make sure to read that part closely!

⸻

:art: About Your Model

Please choose one of the following options and reply using the format below.

Option 1: Immediate debut with a pre-made Japanese PNG model
:point_right: [Pre-Made Character Illustrations](https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/Pre-made-Character-Illustrations-23ea9a61d43180738048f7891ee1d211?pvs=74)
→ Choose your desired model number

Option 2: A custom PNG model made for you
:point_right: [Model Request Form](https://tally.so/r/3N9xej)
Deadline: within 2 weeks of this message
Reference: Sample Character Design Brief

⸻

:white_check_mark: What to Do First

Copy and send the following here:

:one: About you
- Name (used in application):
- Email (used in application):

:two: Model choice
Option 1 →
- Desired model number:
- Your official Streamer name on IRIAM:
or
Option 2 → Please Complete [Model Request Form](https://tally.so/r/3N9xej) by 2-week deadline

:three: Create your IRIAM account
Follow the manual to link with your X (Twitter) account, then send the URL here.

⸻

Once again, welcome aboard!
We can’t wait to see your debut on IRIAM! :star2:
📋 **[Embed]** IRIAM Streamer Onboarding Guide | Notion (https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/IRIAM-Streamer-Onboarding-Guide-1f6a9a61d43180968b8ddcf853a5de28)
> Thank you for choosing IRIAM as the platform for your streams!
📋 **[Embed]** Pre-made Character Illustrations | Notion (https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/Pre-made-Character-Illustrations-23ea9a61d43180738048f7891ee1d211?pvs=74)
> Hosted by Notion Sites — The easiest way to get a website up and running.
📋 **[Embed]** IRIAM Debut Support Program - Character Design Brief (PNG illustrat... (https://tally.so/r/3N9xej)
> Made with Tally, the simplest way to create forms.
🖼️ link_x_account.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1448146101101269063/1448146109062058044/link_x_account.png?ex=69a847e9&is=69a6f669&hm=4c26f1c92af93cfea18756a92c983ab5d49ec57a01af828ec7869f8428b20756&)

---

**N** (2025-12-10 03:05)
1️⃣ About you
- Name (used in application): Noel
- Email (used in application): rosaharrisonnoel@gmail.com

2️⃣ Model choice
Option 2 

3️⃣ https://x.com/JoyfulNobody
📋 **[Embed]** Noel (@JoyfulNobody) on X (https://twitter.com/JoyfulNobody)
> 50/50 I kill myself tomorrow
> 19

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2025-12-10 05:32)
Hi! <@576543720644542475> 
In the meantime, we’ve put together a timeline and a list of things you should prepare before your debut, so please take a look at the following link:
https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/Debut-Prep-Handbook-for-DSP-201a9a61d431802e9906e97e0ca41ca5

Thanks again!
📋 **[Embed]** Debut Prep Handbook for DSP | Notion (https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/Debut-Prep-Handbook-for-DSP-201a9a61d431802e9906e97e0ca41ca5)
> ref.
[Reactions: 🌟×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-12-10 21:11)
Hi <@576543720644542475> ! 👋 

Daniel here from the illustration team! I'll be one of the art coordinators for your debut illustration. It’s an honor to help bring your character to life! ✨

## **🚧 Current Status**
・We’ve received your design form, and **it is currently queued for verification**
・We'll update you when production starts and provide a timeline for when you can expect everything!
・Should the illustrator have any questions, we will contact you again here to request clarification or extra references.

## **🖌️ Review Ceckpoints (3 total)**
- **Color rough** – Here we provide the rough draft to check the composition, base colors, and overall vibe of the model
- **Line art** – The illustrator will clean up the outlines from the rough draft phase. This may come as a black and white image, or with flat colors.
- **Final render** – The illustrator will color and render the model, putting the finishing touches here. 
**Please share any major changes at the color-rough stage**; it’s fastest to make adjustments there. Please keep in mind that detailed edits can add to the production timeline.

## **📎 A Few Notes**
・**Artist info stays private until the illustration is finished.** 
　When the final piece is delivered, We’ll share the artist’s name and X (Twitter) handle so you can send thanks or discuss future work.

・Most of our illustrators are ***Japan-based***. 
　We’ll handle all communication for this project, but you’re welcome to contact them afterward—just remember many aren’t native English speakers.

・**Please refrain from posting the art here on your socials until after we submit the art to your designated Google Drive folder.** 
　Once we get the finished version, we'll let you know so you can update your pfp, or post on X!

・**We may request extra references!**
　To help us comply with Japanese rights regulations 
　**please paste all references as URL links and not as images for all media you do not own the rights for.**
    
    If you wish to use images or models you created and own the rights to, feel free to directly attach them here on Discord.
    
    Please undersand that **we cannot accept AI references.**
    We retain the right to reject references images should it be determined that the image has been created or modified in any way using AI.

・**Please do not utilize, or modify provided models with any AI software, generative or otherwise**
　We will provide drafts at each checkpoint stage. Please refrain from modifying or using these images with generative AI or LLMs

That’s it for now! We are always open if you have questions.
Looking forward to showing you the first color rough soon.
[Reactions: 🙂×1]

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-12-17 11:18)
Hi <@576543720644542475>  👋
Quick update from the illustration team. We've started the pre-production phase of your model and are confirming all the details and contents.
At this phase, we need to check that the design will not violate any of the IRIAM platforms rules, as well as ensure we have a proper references where necessary. 
Our illustration team would like to ask you the following questions before we get started on your illustration:

* Missing references
It seems like we are missing references for the following element. In order to allow the illustrator to have a better understanding of your requirements, do you mind sending us some reference images (in URL) for them? 🙏
-A simple standing pose facing forward

Thank you! We are looking forward to your response. 😄

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-12-19 10:58)
Sorry for the double ping <@576543720644542475>  🙇
Have you had the chance to review the question above yet? 😀

---

**N** (2025-12-19 11:03)
Hi sorry been busy. Was thinking just a simple standing pose like this
https://assets.clip-studio.com/en-us/description/2064433/img/4786f27eee-734d-1dbf-7d68-270592c65d.jpg
https://i.pinimg.com/736x/fd/95/f0/fd95f0504617dd92666ef53c4eb15592.jpg

---

**N** (2025-12-19 11:03)
First one didn't embed but that's ok 🥹

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-12-19 11:06)
> ↩️ Reply to **N**: Hi sorry been busy. Was thinking just a simple standing pose like this
https://a...
Thank you for the swift response!

I was unable to access the Clip Studio (first) link. Is it fine if we use the Pinterest (second) link as the only reference for the pose?

---

**N** (2025-12-19 11:09)
Here's a url to the post containing the first image if that's ok! ^^ If not then that's fine! 
https://assets.clip-studio.com/en-us/detail?id=2064433
📋 **[Embed]** POSE! Basic Stand (Male) - CLIP STUDIO ASSETS (https://assets.clip-studio.com/en-us/detail?id=2064433)
> Make illustrations, manga, comics and animation with Clip Studio Paint, the artist’s tool for drawing and painting. All you need for drawing and creating digital art!

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-12-19 11:15)
> ↩️ Reply to **N**: Here's a url to the post containing the first image if that's ok! ^^ If not then...
That is awesome! Thank you for the link!

In the meanwhile, please allow us some more time to process your application.
At this phase, we need to check that the design will not violate any of the IRIAM platforms rules, as well as ensure we have a proper references where necessary. 
A member of the illustration team may reach out to you again should we need additional clarification, extra references, or if there are any concerns over your design. 🙇

We will update you here once everything is confirmed and in order! 
Looking forward to sharing future updates with you! 🤝
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-12-26 11:13)
Hi <@576543720644542475> 👋

Happy holidays! 🎉

Quick update from the illustration team.
Thank you for being patient with us. 🙏

We are currently processing the batch of models for this month. We will begin production for your model once we finish processing the current batch.
Models are being processed in the order we have received them, and we are looking to have your model assigned as soon as possible. However, we hope you understand that we are expecting delays due to the holiday season. 🙏

Rest assured, we are progressing at a steady pace and will continue to check in as we approach production.
Thank you for bearing with us! We greatly appreciate your patience and understanding!

As always, if you have any questions or if you'd like to add anything to your design, please don't hesitate to let us know. 😄

---

**Nathan Luk** (2026-01-07 08:09)
Hi <@576543720644542475> 👋

Happy New Year! 🎍 

Quick update from the illustration team. We've confirmed your design specifications and have queued your model for illustration.

We will provide a rough date when you can expect the first color rough once your illustrator is assigned. Then, we will review the edits we can make at each stage.
Please keep in mind that once we assign an illustrator, it will be difficult to make large additions to your model.
Should you have any last minute requests or additions, please let us know ASAP. 🙏

If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to reach out to any of the illustration team members here, and we will do our best to assist you!

Looking forward to sharing future updates. 😄
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**Nathan Luk** (2026-01-14 01:16)
Hi <@576543720644542475>  👋

Quick update from the illustration team.
Thank you for being patient with us. We apologize for the delay. 🙇

At the moment, we have verified your design information and have queued your model for production.
We will begin production for your model once we finish processing the current batch. We will update you with the timeline and production flow as we approach production.

Looking forward to sharing more updates with you! 😄

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-15 11:07)
Hi <@576543720644542475> 👋 

We've started production on your model and expect to have the first color rough by **1/30** 🎉 
We would also like to review the overall flow during the production phase, and what we can accommodate.

### 🏁 **Review Checkpoints**
We will have **three review checkpoints** where we will share a draft for you to review:

**Colored rough sketch > Line art > Rendering**

Here are the changes we can accommodate at each phase:

- **Phase 1: Color Rough**
Here we can accommodate up to two sets of changes. These can be changes to the clothes themselves, adding smaller additional accessories, or touching up the hair! The biggest changes happen here, so please let us know if there are things you'd like to add once we get the draft to you!
**We can accept up to two sets of revisions at this stage**, so if the you'd like extra revisions after seeing an edited draft, we're all ears!

- **Phase 2: Line Art**
The illustrator will clean up the outlines from the rough draft, allowing for more clarity for smaller details. Here we can adjust the size of accessories and the finer details of clothes! Here, **we can only accommodate one set of adjustments**, so please bear that in mind 🙏

- **Phase 3: Final Render**
The illustrator will color in the outline and render the piece. Here we can adjust the colors, brightness, and saturation, but we cannot make adjustments to the design itself. Similar to the Line Art phase, **we can only accommodate one set of adjustments.**


### 🚨 **Review Timeframe**
In order to ensure a proper schedule and workflow for our illustrators, we'd like to request a response to each draft within **3 business days** to avoid delays in production 🙏

**Should we fail to hear from you within that time frame, we will continue with production and will be unable to accept revisions for that phase.**

Since the scope of changes are different at each stage, please make sure to check the drafts as soon as possible.
We will be sure to ping you here on Discord, so please have @ notifications enabled.

### 💻 On Generative AI
We will provide drafts at each checkpoint stage. 
Please refrain from modifying or using these images with generative AI or LLMs.

Thank you for your understanding and cooperation in helping us bring your model to life 🙇
We're looking forward to sharing the draft and will be back as soon as possible!

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-28 06:22)
Hi <@576543720644542475> ! 👋 
We've received the color rough submission from our art team and would like to share it with you 🎉

Please take a moment to **check out the color palette, expression, outfit details, pose, and overall vibe**
to see if it matches what you were imagining!

If you have any **concerns or design change requests**, now would be the perfect time to let us know!
Please keep in mind that once we move to further stages, it will be difficult to make larger revisions 🙇

** 📢 Reminder**
We would like to ask that you respond with any changes within 3 business days.
We will proceed with production if we do not hear from you within that time frame, so please review the draft at your earliest convenience 🙏

**💻 On Generative AI**
Usage of these models with AI models of any kind are strictly prohibited.
Please refrain from modifying these images using AI, or utilizing them as resources for AI training.

That’s it for now, let us know your thoughts here!  
If everything is good with you, we can proceed to the clean line art phase.

We're looking forward to your impressions 😄
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1448146101101269063/1465955067529003028/image.png?ex=69a8784c&is=69a726cc&hm=39d43a33761a0ebaf9338652e91d6b8604de2ce7c745b4736e3246ff1384136b&)

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-02-02 08:14)
Hi <@576543720644542475> 👋

Since we haven't heard your feedback after 3 days, we will be proceeding with produciton. 

Please keep in mind that from this point onwards, we will not be able to make revisions to the design itself.

We will have the next draft shared as soon as it's ready, and we hope we can hear from you soon.

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-02-06 02:11)
Hi <@576543720644542475> !👋 

We've received the line art from our artists and would like to share it with you!
 
Please check the outlines and finer details of the outfit. 
At this stage, we can make minor adjustments, such as changing the size of accessories and embroidery. **If there is anything you would like to change, please let us know. 🙇‍♂️** 

** 📢 Reminder**
We would like to ask that you respond with any changes within 3 business days.
We will proceed with production if we do not hear from you within that time frame, so please review the draft at your earliest convenience 🙏

**💻 On Generative AI**
Usage of these models with AI models of any kind are strictly prohibited.
Please refrain from modifying these images using AI, or utilizing them as resources for AI training.

Looking forward to your impressions 😄
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1448146101101269063/1469153486699757599/image.png?ex=69a83d8e&is=69a6ec0e&hm=aa93548bc2eeefb5339470adff86b9349d2d38ebe9f7abd36dab7d758f22bf47&)

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-02-06 02:53)
Hi! <@576543720644542475> 
How is the confirmation coming along? I'm awaiting your reply.

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-02-09 10:15)
Hi <@576543720644542475> 👋
Just checking to see if you've been able to take a look at the line work.

Please keep in mind that if we do not hear from you by <t:1770690600:s> then we will be proceeding onwards without any edits.

Please let us know when you've taken a look at your earliest convenience 🙏

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-02-10 06:10)
Hi <@576543720644542475> 👋

Since we haven't heard from you, we'll be proceeding to the final render. 

We look forward to sharing it here as soon as it's ready!

---

**Sohei** (2026-02-10 16:55)
<@576543720644542475> 
We are very disappointed that communication from your side has stopped, especially given that you are participating in the Debut Support Program as a professional.
If we do not receive a reply from you within 24 hours, your eligibility to participate in the Debut Support Program will be revoked. Thank you for your understanding.

---

**Sohei** (2026-02-12 03:54)
<@576543720644542475> 
Since we did not receive a response from you, we hereby formally revoke your eligibility to participate in the Debut Support Program.
The intellectual property rights to the illustration currently in production belong to us, and you will not be permitted to rejoin this program in the future.
Thank you for your understanding.

---
