# #ishi-iriam_42670

**Channel ID**: 1411117738465951845
**取得日時**: 2026-03-03T23:25:51
**メッセージ数**: 91

---

## 会話ログ

**PrivateChannelMaker** (2025-08-29 22:38)
Hi, <@668203622701465610>!
All of us at IRIAM are thrilled to welcome you as a new streamer!

From now on, we'd like to use this channel for our communications. Please review the following information carefully.

First, please send us the name and email address you used during the application process for identity verification!

Next, here's your onboarding guide once again:
IRIAM Streamer Onboarding Guide
https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/IRIAM-Streamer-Onboarding-Guide-1f6a9a61d43180968b8ddcf853a5de28

■ What we need you to do
[Reminder] To create your model, please review the following form carefully and submit your responses:
https://tally.so/r/3N9xej
    ◦ Response Deadline:
As soon as possible (We can't begin model production until we receive this, which could delay your debut.)
    ◦ Reference Materials:
http://base.us.iriam.com/how-to-start-streaming-on-iriam/about-debut-support-program/sample-character-design-brief

Create your IRIAM account and link it with your X (formerly Twitter) account
Please follow the attached manual to complete the setup.
Once done, send us the URL of your linked X account here in this Discord DM!
    ◦ Response Deadline:
Within two week from today

We understand the guide contains a lot of information, so if you have any quick questions or need clarification, feel free to ask us here via DM! :blush:
📋 **[Embed]** IRIAM Streamer Onboarding Guide | Notion (https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/IRIAM-Streamer-Onboarding-Guide-1f6a9a61d43180968b8ddcf853a5de28)
> Thank you for choosing IRIAM as the platform for your streams!
📋 **[Embed]** IRIAM Debut Support Program - Character Design Brief (PNG illustrat... (https://tally.so/r/3N9xej)
> Made with Tally, the simplest way to create forms.
📋 **[Embed]** Sample Character Design Brief (http://base.us.iriam.com/how-to-start-streaming-on-iriam/about-debut-support-program/sample-character-design-brief)
> This design brief is a sample, which is intended to help applicants to learn how to create design brief.
🖼️ link_x_account.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1411117747726975156/link_x_account.png?ex=69a8b450&is=69a762d0&hm=64784232b32d591348ff441c0451e8ba34b0b85453dd03525fa7fa794361ac42&)

---

**ishi** (2025-08-29 22:46)
name: ishi
email address: gleecymarie@gmail.com
[URL of my linked X account](https://x.com/himejoishi) & i will get you ref images 4 my model very soon >:3
📋 **[Embed]** 石 — iSHi ཐི♡⃟͚̊ཋྀ (@himejoishi) on X (https://twitter.com/himejoishi)
> SAPPHIC PINAY 🦇 from the murkiest of waters shall i bloom once more ₊˚ 🦢・₊✧ ay\-ayatin ka unay KL 🐾
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-09-12 01:32)
sent in my Character Design Brief <:xoCatYum:911917285961244682>
🖼️ IMG_3270.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1415872547156656209/IMG_3270.png?ex=69a83450&is=69a6e2d0&hm=a5ef63d5e339e2b1cad62ab4bd7037fd162345a02a52a72d8528f44389746df2&)

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2025-09-12 02:47)
Hi! <@668203622701465610> 
In the meantime, we’ve put together a timeline and a list of things you should prepare before your debut, so please take a look at the following link:
https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/Debut-Prep-Handbook-for-DSP-201a9a61d431802e9906e97e0ca41ca5

Thanks again!
📋 **[Embed]** Debut Prep Handbook for DSP | Notion (https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/Debut-Prep-Handbook-for-DSP-201a9a61d431802e9906e97e0ca41ca5)
> ref.
[Reactions: w_catthumbsup×1]

---

**IRIAM US Illustration Team** (2025-09-12 02:51)
Hi <@668203622701465610>! 👋 

Daniel here from the illustration team! I'll be the art coordinator for your debut illustration. It’s an honor to help bring your character to life! ✨

## **🚧 Current status**
・I’ve received your design form, and **am confirming the details of your design**
・We'll update you when production starts and provide a timeline for when you can expect everything!
・Should the illustrator have any questions, we will contact you again here to request clarification or extra references.

## **🖌️ Review checkpoints (3 total)**
- **Color rough** – pose, composition, overall vibe and base colors
- **Line art** – clean outlines & fine details
- **Final render** – fully colored and polished

**Please share any major changes at the color-rough stage**; it’s fastest to adjust things there. Super-detailed tweaks can add a little extra time, so thanks for bearing with us!

## **📎 A few notes**
・**Artist info stays private until the illustration is finished.** When the final piece is delivered, I’ll share the artist’s name and X (Twitter) handle so you can send thanks or discuss future work.
・Most of our illustrators are ***Japan-based***. I’ll handle all communication for this project, but you’re welcome to contact them afterward—just remember many aren’t native English speakers.
・**Please refrain from posting the art here on your socials until after we submit the art to your designated Google Drive folder.** Once we get the finished version, we'll let you know so you can update your pfp, or post on X!
・We may request extra references! To help us comply with Japanese rights regulations **please paste all references as URL links and not as pictures**
That’s it for now! We are always open if you have questions.
Looking forward to showing you the first color rough soon.

-Daniel
[Reactions: w_catthumbsup×1]

---

**IRIAM US Illustration Team** (2025-09-29 09:26)
Hi <@668203622701465610>  👋
Apologies for the lack of recent updates 🙇

We are currently a little behind schedule due to a larger than anticipated number of applicants.
Models are being processed in the order we have received them, with yours currently in the queue to be assigned to an illustrator.

Rest assured, we are progressing at a steady pace and will continue to check in as we approach production.
Thank you for bearing with us! We greatly appreciate your patience and understanding!

As always, if you have any questions or if you'd like to add anything to your design, please don't hesitate to let us know.
[Reactions: NezukoThumbsUp×1]

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-10-08 02:13)
Hi <@668203622701465610>  👋
Quick update from the illustration team. We've started the pre-production phase of your model and are confirming all the details and contents with our team.
At this phase, we need to check that the design will not violate any of the IRIAM platforms rules, as well as ensure we have a proper references where necessary. 
A member of the illustration team may reach out to you soon, should we need additional clarification, extra references, or if there are any concerns over your design.

We will update you here once everything is confirmed and in order! 
Looking forward to sharing future updates with you!

---

**ishi** (2025-10-08 02:19)
i have a few questions;; am i going to be reached directly via dms or here in this private channel? <a:cathuh:1338592784621375559> and i do know i am allowed up to 2 revision requests i believe? correct me if i’m wrong. and the off-chance of any of features i have requested for the design violating any of the IRIAM platforms rules, would it count towards the 2 revisions requests or no?

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-10-08 02:39)
Hi <@668203622701465610> ,
Thank you for your questions!
* Communication will happen here through this private channels. We will keep you updated here on the schedule here, and you can contact us with any concerns / questions here as well.

* Regarding revisions, you will be allowed revisions at different stages:

**Pre-Production (current)**
If you have any major adjustments you would like to make, please let us know here as soon as possible since we might still be able to accommodate them before the illustration process commences.

**Color Rough:**
Here, we can accommodate up to two sets of changes. These can be changes to the clothes themselves, adding smaller additional accessories, or touching up the hair! The biggest changes happen here, so please let us know if there are things you'd like to add once we get the draft to you!

**Line Art:**
Here, we can only accommodate 1 set of changes. The illustrator will clean up the outlines from the rough draft, allowing for more clarity for smaller details. Here we can adjust the size of accessories and the finer details of clothes! 

**Final Render:**
Here, we can also only accommodate 1 set of changes. The illustrator will color in the outline and render the piece. Here we can adjust the colors, brightness, and saturation, but we cannot make adjustments to the design itself.

* As for designs violating IRIAM platforms rules, we will be handling those from our side. We will let you know once we have confirmed your submission and have any concerns about it. Those changes will *not* count toward the 2 revisions you are allowed to make.
Hope these answers your question. Please let us know if you have any further questions. 😄

---

**ishi** (2025-10-08 02:48)
yes! that helps so much, thank you so much <:kuromi_love:895946263449706496> i will do my best to be a team player in this production process, let me know if i need to do anything and i will gladly cooperate <a:cat_jam:1050374919197818920>
[Reactions: 🙏×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-10-15 02:28)
Hi <@668203622701465610> 👋
There are a few points regarding your design that we'd like to ask clarification on:

- **Skin Tone**
You mention a medium skin tone in your design specifications, could you give us a more concrete color you'd like for your skin?
If you have a particular color or color code in mind, please let us know so we can add it to your design doc. 
We can also leave this to the illustrator if you'd like as well, let us know which you'd prefer.

- **Pose**
Thank you for sharing your own hand drawn references! We noticed that the full body pose somewhat overlaps one of the other poses you provided. If the image was drawn on digital software would you be able to isolate each drawing? 
If all three images are hand drawn on the same piece of paper, then feel free to disregard this point

- **Dress**
Regarding the dress, in order to have the design comply with IRIAM rules, we may have to use a larger bra to cover up some of the chest area, which may also affect the tattoo placement.
We will work together with our illustrator to make sure that the model will turn out just as you are imagining, but please understand some changes may be made to the dress to align it with platform rules 🙏

- **Shorts/Thong Strap**
Similar to the dress, some adjustments may have to be made to the shorts to keep within IRIAM's regulations.

- **Boots**
You originally provided us with this link for the boots as reference:
https://uksell.golftaken.baby/index.php?main_page=product_info&products_id=554383 

Unfortunately this link leads to a broken URL, could you please provide us with a new reference image?

- **Curse Mark**
The full curse mark may not be visible, is that ok?

- **Design Simplification**
To ensure a proper workflow for our illustrators, some aspects of the design may require simplification.
Aspects such as the bracelets, tattoos, distressing on the denim shorts and tights may not have as much detail as initially provided.
That being said, if there are any aspects of the design that are key to you that you'd like to be kept as faithful to your original specifications, please let us know as soon as possible 🙇

Sorry for the long message. We're looking forward to your response and creating your model for IRIAM 😄

---

**Ren** (2025-10-15 02:40)
Hey there!

We’ve just launched a dedicated page for the Debut Support Program! 💫
It’s now easier than ever for aspiring VTubers to learn what the program offers — from illustration support to debut guidance.

If you know someone who’s been thinking about becoming a VTuber, please share it with them!
This could be the perfect first step for their journey. 🌱

👉 [Debut Support Program page](https://us.iriam.com/debut-support-program?utm_source=discord&utm_medium=discord&utm_campaign=dsp2510)
📋 **[Embed]** Debut Support Program - IRIAM (https://us.iriam.com/debut-support-program?utm_source=discord&utm_medium=discord&utm_campaign=dsp2510)
> Ready to become a VTuber? Start with IRIAM!

---

**ishi** (2025-10-15 03:45)
mmmm, i’ll address the other points soon but can i change the sheer dress to a blouse instead so it’s more aligned with the platform rules? this is the blouse i would like to go with if it’s okay, that way the distressed denim shorts are actually more visible? i do work tomorrow but given some time, possibly by the end of the day tomorrow, i can sketch an alternative concept. as well as separating/isolating the original sketch poses, adding a color palette with their respective color codes, i still do want to add the thong strap but with the different blouse, i feel as though it can be sort of discrete. but if we absolutely can’t then that’s no problem. i also attached the boot reference image. the curse mark is fine if it’s not visible, it is the back of my nape area, probably will be visible once i have a good concept of what my model will look like to make promo art for my debut. it’s okay if the accessories aren’t as detailed, i can definitely make promo art with more details on it, but for the model and usage of the model being made for me, simplification was expected, so i’m not as surprised. but i did want the sheer, ripped tights to be implied, maybe not entirely detailed but i do like the sheer, teared tights. by tomorrow, i will do my best to list most, if not all the aspects of the design that are vital to me that i would like to be kept to the original specifications. i deeply apologize for the late response and lack of greater clarity at the moment as i just got home from work. i will definitely provide more clarity by tomorrow. as well as review the most recently launched page for the Debut Support Program. again, deepest apologies for the inconvenience, i will be sure to get back to you in a timely fashion with more information about my model for smooth production. <a:bbykittypaw:819075409110368278>

---

**ishi** (2025-10-15 03:46)
here’s the blouse as an alternative, and i will look for the ref image for the boots shortly
🖼️ IMG_2365.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1427865097807597578/IMG_2365.jpg?ex=69a853bf&is=69a7023f&hm=0e772c52e191c84c5629ad1fa5db3fe8f64f95d0e4a0255e3c161a7fba794cf3&)

---

**ishi** (2025-10-15 03:50)
these are the best references i can find with the boots
🖼️ IMG_2367.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1427866107963899935/IMG_2367.jpg?ex=69a854b0&is=69a70330&hm=9f9603e32c3bd8ee655374abae5c25ebfc4fe0ee6c78df1ea20b6ba60d63f26c&)
🖼️ IMG_2368.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1427866108278476800/IMG_2368.jpg?ex=69a854b0&is=69a70330&hm=9796a09dccba11391f132cd6d5669e523a3df07d84a11d570b643eae24f00995&)
🖼️ IMG_2366.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1427866108685455381/IMG_2366.jpg?ex=69a854b0&is=69a70330&hm=160289cecb96b45a048643daae512015f6d5fe61088b0ac3ea6a8ca1b46b6f86&)
🖼️ IMG_2369.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1427866109067001927/IMG_2369.jpg?ex=69a854b0&is=69a70330&hm=1300477cf3b9a8ce5afee55881b773028d0814f1ebdcadd375cb5db9b3abaf9b&)

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-10-16 06:10)
> ↩️ Reply to **ishi**: mmmm, i’ll address the other points soon but can i change the sheer dress to a b...
Thank you for the extra references and information! Also no need to apologize, we want to do our best to make sure we can make a model that is truly yours for use on the platform, and appreciate all the extra details 🙏

I'll touch on the points you mentioned below:

- **Dress**
We can change the dress to the blouse as well, but the same concern may still arise.  The overall concern for the platform is more the amount of cleavage on display. Both dresses may require the cleavage to be covered a bit more, and we can adapt that for the blouse you provided, or even for the initial dress you provided as well. 

Let us know which dress you'd like to proceed with whenever possible 🙏

- **Thong Strap**
We can keep the thong strap visible as long as the shorts are not too low on the waistline. If that is ok, then we  will be able to have that included with your model.

- **Ripped Tights**
Understood! I'll make sure the illustrator includes those details as much as possible!

We look forward to the extra resources! Please do not feel rushed as well 🙇
We really do appreciate all the extra help and are looking forward to making your model!

---

**ishi** (2025-10-24 03:56)
i am terribly sorry for how long i took with this- <a:PI_scared:823313993975332914> i did add a few minor modifications <:eheh:913610032799694889> …if..i can, i don’t think they’re as major and altering as changing the sheer dress to a blouse- it’s mostly adding a Neapolitan hair strand on the right side of the head and switching the inversed piercings to actual vampire fangs since the blouse change was giving vampire, i really wanted to double down on the vampire vibes. i coulddddd isolate each pose if need be, i can try but i tried not to overlap them as much as possible
🖼️ Untitled_Artwork.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1431129080434004018/Untitled_Artwork.jpg?ex=69a85611&is=69a70491&hm=01869128c24e00e680c9554364675005b8c33e2399cb59ed1a05414912d2984f&)
[Reactions: 🙏×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-10-24 03:59)
there is a bit of overlap with the lil pom pom from the left boot of the full bod sketch and the right shoulder of the bottom neutral bust-up sketch so if you need me to isolate all of them, i will try my best to since i merged most of the layers alreadyyy buT! i have the original sketch with separate layers that are not merged, so just let me know <a:dancingcat:967226017120915547>

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-10-24 05:20)
> ↩️ Reply to **ishi**: i am terribly sorry for how long i took with this- <a:PI_scared:8233139939753329...
Thank you 🙏
I'll have this sent to the team for review. After we take a look, one of our team members or myself may come back with questions if we need clarification!
[Reactions: YujiThumbsUp×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-10-28 02:17)
Hi <@668203622701465610> 👋
Quick question regarding the poses: would you prefer the illustrator to use the left or the right pose as reference for your model?

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 02:25)
haiiii uh for the pose? like- i mean i feel like it’d be easier to use the right pose since it’s full body? i’m fine with either, i added both to help the illustrator so whatever is the most helpful and convenient for them i suppose :3
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-10-28 02:27)
Ok! I'll have them use the right as the primary reference and let them know they have some freedom with how they would like to arrange it between the two
[Reactions: NezukoThumbsUp×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 02:28)
yesyes! lmk if you and/or the illustrator have more questions or clarification <333

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 02:28)
i hope the reference i provided actually helps xoxo

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-10-28 06:27)
Sorry for the double ping <@668203622701465610> 
unfortunately we won't be able to accommodate the tattoos, since they use imagery that are copyrighted. 

If you'd like us to add other tattoos for the thighs, please let us know. However, do keep in mind that we can't use copyrighted characters as reference 🙇

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 06:28)
is it the hello kitty

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 06:28)
😹😹😹😹

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-10-28 06:30)
> ↩️ Reply to **ishi**: is it the hello kitty
unfortunately yes, the team would also like to avoid the left tattoo as well. If we can specify to make the designs more generic, then we can accommodate, but we can't use those characters in the designs

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 06:31)
what’s wrong with the uhhhhh left thigh tat

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 06:32)
this is an alt for the safety pin tat, idk if it’ll work tbh since i got it from pinterest and i don’t know who to credit for it
🖼️ IMG_5612.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1432617990188437575/IMG_5612.jpg?ex=69a87ab9&is=69a72939&hm=08079922124b4249341dfe2c70acb17d7c41c41b21ec58a462e426849a5ab6cc&)

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 06:32)
the one on the left, not the lil sonny angel on the right

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-10-28 06:33)
For the tattoo designs, we will most likely have to simplify them to maintain the workflow for our illustrators. 
Would that be ok?

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 06:39)
srry i’m not sure i- understand <a:imsilly:922709539697066014>

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 06:40)
so do i look for a different reference or are yall just gonna remove all the thigh tattoos for convenience bc it interrupts the workflow of the illustrators

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-10-28 06:44)
No need to apologize 🙏

We can simplify the designs if you wish to keep the tattoos, or we can opt to remove them as well.

Should you want to keep the tattoos, we can use the new reference you provided, but please keep in mind the overall image may be simplified to help our illustrators.

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 06:45)
oh yea idc if it’s not all detailed as mentioned before, as long as it’s implied i’m fine with it
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-10-28 06:48)
> ↩️ Reply to **ishi**: oh yea idc if it’s not all detailed as mentioned before, as long as it’s implied...
Ok! I'll let the team know then to have them simplified.

Thank you so much for the quick responses 🙏
[Reactions: zkitty×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 06:49)
no problem!!!! lmk if you have more questions, i’ll answer asap <a:cat_jam:1050374919197818920>
[Reactions: 🙏×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-10-28 06:50)
extending my gratitude to you and the illustrators, i greatly appreciate it <a:catsittingverycomfortabletyping:1164069161589289000>

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-11-07 04:43)
Hi <@668203622701465610> 👋

We apologize for the delay 🙇
Thank you for being patient with us 🙏

Your design information has all been verified and your model is now queued for production!

We are currently finishing the current set of models and will update you as we approach production with our timeline and production flow.

Looking forward to sharing more updates with you 😄
[Reactions: dancingcat×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-11-12 01:22)
Hi <@668203622701465610>  👋 

We've started production on your model and expect to have the first color rough by **11/21** 🎉 
We would also like to review the overall flow during the production phase, and what we can accommodate.

### 🏁 **Review Checkpoints**
We will have **three review checkpoints** where we will share a draft for you to review:

**Colored rough sketch > Line art > Rendering**

Here are the changes we can accommodate at each phase:

- **Phase 1: Color Rough**
Here we can accommodate up to two sets of changes. These can be changes to the clothes themselves, adding smaller additional accessories, or touching up the hair! The biggest changes happen here, so please let us know if there are things you'd like to add once we get the draft to you!
**We can accept up to two sets of revisions at this stage**, so if the you'd like extra revisions after seeing an edited draft, we're all ears!

- **Phase 2: Line Art**
The illustrator will clean up the outlines from the rough draft, allowing for more clarity for smaller details. Here we can adjust the size of accessories and the finer details of clothes! Here, **we can only accommodate one set of adjustments**, so please bear that in mind 🙏

- **Phase 3: Final Render**
The illustrator will color in the outline and render the piece. Here we can adjust the colors, brightness, and saturation, but we cannot make adjustments to the design itself. Similar to the Line Art phase, **we can only accommodate one set of adjustments.**


### 🚨 **Review Timeframe**
In order to ensure a proper schedule and workflow for our illustrators, we'd like to request a response to each draft within **3 business days** to avoid delays in production 🙏

**Should we fail to hear from you within that time frame, we will continue with production and will be unable to accept revisions for that phase.**

Since the scope of changes are different at each stage, please make sure to check the drafts as soon as possible.
We will be sure to ping you here on Discord, so please have @ notifications enabled.

Thank you for your understanding and cooperation in helping us bring your model to life 🙇
We're looking forward to sharing the draft and will be back as soon as possible!
[Reactions: NezukoThumbsUp×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-11-12 01:44)
ooooo okee sounds good! i will do my best to assist with the workflow for it to be as smooth as possible in playing my part <:catsmile:1010382009664806963> i do have pings on so i’ll be sure to review all drafts in a timely fashion <a:PI_iloveyouheart:703414159701835777> very excited and plz give my regards to the illustrator handling my model >:3 i’m very grateful
[Reactions: 🙏×1 👍×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-11-12 01:47)
> ↩️ Reply to **ishi**: ooooo okee sounds good! i will do my best to assist with the workflow for it to ...
Of course 👍 
Thank you as well for your cooperation!
[Reactions: fuckingcat×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-11-20 16:09)
Hi <@668203622701465610>  ! 👋 
We've got the color rough submission from our art team and would like to share it with you 🎉

Please take a moment to **check out the color palette, expression, outfit details, pose, and overall vibe**
to see if it matches what you were imagining!

If you have any **concerns or design change requests**, now would be the perfect time to let us know!
Please keep in mind that once we move to further stages, it will be difficult to make larger revisions 🙇

** 📢 Reminder**
We would like to ask that you respond with any changes within 3 business days.
We will proceed with production if we do not hear from you within that time frame, so please review the draft at your earliest convenience 🙏 

That’s it for now, let us know your thoughts here!  
If everything is good with you, we can proceed to the clean line art phase.

We're looking forward to your impressions 😄
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1441098129515610234/image.png?ex=69a85938&is=69a707b8&hm=3eaa3a183c5dec6a93a7930dafca1383fa227195dafe1d57698802abbc888b2a&)
[Reactions: kuromiblush×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-11-20 16:25)
-# (reacting to the message to let you know i’ve seen it but i will send a more in depth message soon to help with explaining what i envisioned, i apologize i just woke up 😭)

---

**ishi** (2025-11-21 03:20)
haihaiiii!!! i’ve been anticipating this color rough ever since i was told so thank you!!! i hope my critiques do not give off the impression that i’m dissatisfied with it at all, i loveloveloveeee this update so much like my model looks so sugoi already but i did have some minor changes/adjustments/clarifications. 
the color palette looks great, i do want the blouse to be more accurate in terms of the shade of the colored part? like instead of a more purple shade, i did want the shade to be more maroon/reddish like the reference picture, and the like back draped part, the under side of it to be black but if it blends a little too well, for it to also be the maroon/reddish color but a bit darker? if possible. 
the eyebrows, i did want it more straight and i think the width is fine, thinner if possible but the angle to be more like the sketch i provided, straight and angled??? like- not a mad expression but i did want a lowkey rbf, just more of an intimidating vibe in terms of the expression. i also did want my beauty marks to be more visible like on the sketch i..provided as well- it’s barely noticeable on the sketch so i circled them in the attachment. i did want another lip piercing near the one there currently, spider bites! like in the sketch i attached before.
i also did want more spiky lashes and like a darker eye area??? i sort of want the dark circles to be subtle but there, and the eyeshadow to have a sort of purple/reddish undertone with a more dark…shadow… it’s in the attachment if you need to see a visual- idk how else to verbally explain it unforch 🥀💔
i also wanted to change the lip shade and add like the pointed corners? i want that subtle kim possible, darker upper lip and a more nude lip color? i feel like the original color rough shade is too pink for my liking. 
the necklaces, i did want the first one to be a carnelian crystal ball choker, like idrc if it’s not detailed in terms of the texture of a crystal, but i want it to be an orange circle really instead of the? ring it has right now? and then the longer necklace that’s also a visibly clear crystal to be more diamond shaped? like the ref images i gave before, and for it to be amethyst? or purple, again simplified versions do not bother me at all. but i do want it to be like my necklace.
the nails, the shape is fine but i want the color to be a deep red instead with the middle and ring finger to be a pink cheetah print if that’s okeeee. i did still want the thong straps to be visible. and the thighs to be more meaty??? like- more plump to match the calves, i just feel like they’re slightly on the smaller side but i did want thick thighs like my sketch i gave. i wanted the hair in the back to be more flowy? less thick in the back but down to the back of my knees if that’s okayyyyy
and i was not sureeee if like- the alt tattoo was relayed but i’m just searching for more clarity on that because the safety pin tat is what i have irl and it looks muddy rn and again, i do not mind simplifying it but i’d rather the alt tattoo given than the blacked out hello kitty if that makes sense. and speaking of tattoos, i still do want the kitty paws on my chest area to be there, it’s okay if it’s slightly covered butttt i still want it to be a bit visible.
i apologize if it took some time to get back to you, i had plans today so hopefully i’m not making the workflow more difficult or less smooth. i am also sorry if this is a lottt to read >.> i wanted to explain it thoroughly for a better idea.
as mentioned, i added an attachment with all the minor changes and details, i hope it helps! i drew over the color rough provided to give a good idea of what i want altered. pls send my regards to the illustrator(s) in charge, they did a great initial draft and i’m excited for the final <a:dancingcat:967226017120915547>
🖼️ IMG_3666.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1441266893674774599/IMG_3666.jpg?ex=69a84da4&is=69a6fc24&hm=c830946c7dbacb79e99bedbd93e80e2744c7b93aba3e195c3f1c587526680e40&)

---

**ishi** (2025-11-21 03:20)
TL;DR: color rough alterations:
— beauty marks to be more visible, two under the right eye, one near the left inner eye corner, one closer to the bottom of the left brow (but if it’s covered, it’s okay), one on the left cheek, and one on the upper lip, not dead center, slightly right??? 
— eyebrows more straight and facial expression to be more intimidating
— lip shade to be a darker upper lip/more nude tone overall, too pink imo
— necklaces: shorter 1st one to be a carnelian crystal ball and the 3rd and longest one to be a more diamond shaped amethyst crystal
— blouse: the purple-ish shade to be more accurate to the reference, more reddish/maroon, the inside drape to be a darker maroon instead of hot pink
— thong strap: to be visible, it’s not there in the initial color rough sent.
— tattoos: clarification on the alternative option given not being used, the safety pin being muddy, preferably the alternative tat option and the kitty paws in the chest area to be there even if it’s slightly or mostly covered
— piercings: one more piercing next to the singular bottom lip stud.
— nails: shape is ok, design to be deep red with the middle a ring finger nails to be a pink cheetah print
— body: thicker/fuller thighs to match the calves 
— hair: the back to stop behind the knee area and more flowy, less full/thick
— makeup: to have more spiky lashes and a more darker overall eyeliner with aegyo sal [?] sort of dark circles but not too alarming, the reddish airbrush eyeshadow under with more black/dark shadows around

---

**ishi** (2025-11-21 03:26)
oh! also, the ripped sheer tights r great, they are but i would like it to be a lil bit more transparent if possibleeeee thank uuuu

---

**ishi** (2025-11-21 06:40)
if you also don’t mind adding this arm tattoo, that would be gr8 as well <:kuromi_plead:895946340553588817>
🖼️ IMG_3668.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1441317346433306664/IMG_3668.png?ex=69a87ca1&is=69a72b21&hm=7bde5dc609901236f587832bc00ded9bde5ba24505919f2ba5d40a1982bb6f76&)
🖼️ IMG_3669.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1441317346940813393/IMG_3669.png?ex=69a87ca1&is=69a72b21&hm=22b0a01e4a461398a82df4966d7ed4e67cd4eef2d08d465a3bd2cdc3ff3aeb05&)

---

**ishi** (2025-11-21 06:54)
for the necklace, image references
🖼️ image0.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1441320879983296542/image0.jpg?ex=69a87fec&is=69a72e6c&hm=7b5a2075c891c3348b9e0e54a1673ad5b806faaf7065afcdace263afb7e0423d&)
🖼️ image1.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1441320880440479774/image1.jpg?ex=69a87fec&is=69a72e6c&hm=76362d8f2fe4cc7adc2721089985c6d39b2c76273ef43e91c1457f75775a1a0d&)

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-11-27 09:48)
> ↩️ Reply to **ishi**: for the necklace, image references
Sorry for the delays in response <@668203622701465610> 

Please give us a moment to process the edit requests and references. 
As an additional request, please change all shared references to URLs and react or respond to this message once you have made the revisions.
There may be some changes we can and cannot accept, please allow us a moment to review the edits with the team 🙏
[Reactions: NezukoThumbsUp×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-12-03 20:40)
Hi <@668203622701465610>    👋

As we approach the holiday season this month, we'd like to inform you that there may be small delays in updates or communication during the Christmas and New Years holidays 🙇

We are currently expecting your revised draft by **12/12**

We will do our best to keep you updated with the progress of your model's production, and we'd like to ask for your patience and understanding in advance for this busy period 🙏

Thank you for bearing with us, and we look forward to sharing more news and updates!
[Reactions: thankyou×1 rslitcat×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-12-13 01:58)
Hi <@668203622701465610>  👋
We have the revised color rough for you here, please take a look and let us know if the edits turned out as you imagined.

We can still accept one more set of revisions, so if there's anything that still stands out, please don't hesitate to let us know!

If everything is in order, then we can have the illustrator proceed to the line art phase.

Please take a look and let us know when you have the chance 🙏
🖼️ 2.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1449218773927329884/2.png?ex=69a83a68&is=69a6e8e8&hm=d8802f90908445a5fd0808655fda70481c153e43b803e67959c708d881f11c42&)
🖼️ 1.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1449218774241775626/1.png?ex=69a83a68&is=69a6e8e8&hm=21313eb2911e1a9a0965d1cb2ad5fbd643497b8d988066516e8b9d1fee41742b&)
[Reactions: 🖤×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-12-13 17:20)
i apologize for the eye strain these might have given but i just wanted to thank the illustrators for pretty much understanding most of my initial critiques and to everyone communicating to them n the whole team, thank you so much. i only have 4 critiques! i would like that forearm tattoo on the arm holding the bag, the left arm but right in the illustration,,,, it’s a very simple design i finkkkk it’s not too complicated- thank you for changing the thigh one too! it looks so epic swag. also the nail design! i wanted the thumbs, pointer, and pinky as a deep red colour, with a pink cheetah print on the middle & ring fingers. also,, the thong straps!!!!! i really want the thong straps. lastly, hair length to reach the back of my knees, but still as spare? not as thick bc the hairstyle is layered or like, idk!!! it’s just thinner as it gets longer yk. those are the 4 critiques, aside from those things, i loveloveloveeee it i like it a lottttt <a:dancingcat:967226017120915547>
🖼️ Untitled_Artwork.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1449450843719077968/Untitled_Artwork.jpg?ex=69a869ca&is=69a7184a&hm=89778417ab6ce383d2157e6addaed6518b472432ee1830bad4ea478402b8b565&)
🖼️ IMG_3719.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1449450844360802364/IMG_3719.jpg?ex=69a869ca&is=69a7184a&hm=5c3ac95cc7d66309a2e9326d0c352e2efd9100c150682470ac3bc94dd84da4f1&)

---

**ishi** (2025-12-13 17:26)
also- i have a question…i really wanted to post like- mmm my #JumpOnIRIAM but i also did wanna tease my design, can i or can i not post something like this? also, i would like to know if i can’t post that attached to my #JumpOnIRIAM, is it possible to know a timeframe to select a possible debut date? i’m open to anything really, please let me know!
🖼️ Untitled_Artwork.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1449452473554042881/Untitled_Artwork.jpg?ex=69a86b4f&is=69a719cf&hm=92960b39686dd542d13a2b5ff5e6ce1d0033bfa803154592fac22bf3261968ca&)

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-12-13 19:50)
Hi <@668203622701465610> Thank you for the feedback and questions. 
I'll address each of these in separate sections below.

### 📝 Edit Requests
I can relay the edit requests for the nails and forearm tattoo, but if possible I'd like to ask if you can specify which hex color codes you'd like to have be applied to which nail rather than by the color name.
Regarding the thong strap it was unfortunately ruled that the they wouldn't be able to be added during our internal review. I apologize for the inconvenience and would like to thank you for your understanding 🙇
For the hair length, I'll check back with the team to review if such edits can be made, or if there was a reason it was rejected.

### 📷 JumpOnIRIAM post
Currently your design has not been finalized, and we request that all draft images stay within this channel. Once your model files have been finalized and uploaded, a staff member will contact you about scheduling your debut teaser and stream posts.

Thank you for the detailed messages as always 🙏 

Once we can get confirmation on which color codes you'd like to be applied to which nails, we can proceed with the editing phase.

Looking forward to hearing from you!

---

**ishi** (2025-12-13 20:00)
so for the thumb, pointer, & pinky finger: deep red color, simply (#721D18) and then on my middle & ring finger: base color (#E0A8D1) with the cheetah spots, center being (#D02690) and the border of the cheetah spots design (#583C4E)
🖼️ IMG_3668.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1449491077471011077/IMG_3668.png?ex=69a88f43&is=69a73dc3&hm=0273b764d9b1d5d29bcbc761ded2e9f0790907f220036f5e7a3277bed710a5c9&)
[Reactions: 🙏×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-12-13 20:08)
> ↩️ Reply to **ishi**: so for the thumb, pointer, & pinky finger: deep red color, simply (#721D18) and ...
Thank you for the swift response! 
I'll relay everything to the team so we can make edits. Please give us a moment to review and edit your model 🙇
[Reactions: 🖤×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-12-13 20:09)
> ↩️ Reply to **Hibikiii**: Thank you for the swift response! 
I'll relay everything to the team so we can m...
no problem, love being a part-time employee <a:PI_iloveyouheart:703414159701835777>

---

**ishi** (2025-12-13 20:09)
-# (day off….yes 😸)

---

**ishi** (2025-12-14 19:25)
see i wasn’t going to address the thong straps being ruled out since i was like okay maybe it’s too raunchy but that makes absolutely zero sense for a founding streamer to have them and i can’t?? it is an inconvenience bc it was always in my original design and there’s no need to thank me bc i truly with utmost respect do not understand. i believe i deserve to know why a founding streamer can have it but i can’t. it’s a feature/detail i was absolutely wanting. it would’ve been understandable if no other avatar had them but respectfully, the double standard is throwing me off.
🖼️ IMG_5077.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1449844795492008052/IMG_5077.png?ex=69a88730&is=69a735b0&hm=eadd409a16a1c705302598fe929ccf858e1fb8d5ed57a9339f2c4e075159d7fe&)
🖼️ IMG_5074.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1449844796444246169/IMG_5074.png?ex=69a88730&is=69a735b0&hm=f3ed91a751652c8caac4b2de72614f7b03fc194abafafd65d28b08273ff5377f&)

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-12-15 19:40)
> ↩️ Reply to **ishi**: see i wasn’t going to address the thong straps being ruled out since i was like ...
Thank you for bringing this to our attention <@668203622701465610> 

I'd like to apologize for the stress this has caused you, and would like to take steps to make as many of your edits possible 🙇

Please allow me to escalate this to the higher ups at the team to see if we can get your design edited, what steps that would entail, any delays that would cause, and any other necessary information that would be required.
[Reactions: thankyou×1 NezukoThumbsUp×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-12-16 23:46)
Hi <@668203622701465610> 👋
Thank you for your patience as the team reviewed your concerns.

I've escalated your concerns regarding the thong straps to the IRIAM team. 
After review of the existing and your provided streamer models, the team has allowed us to continue and accept the revision requests.

For posterity's sake, we'd like to confirm your edit requests and additional details below:

### 📝 Edits
- Add thong straps between the pants and top as per the first image

- Add the teeth design tattoo to the character's left (viewer's right) forearm area as per the first and second image.

- Edit the fingernail colors according to the following color scheme (1st image as reference image)
-  Pointer & Pinky Finger (#721D18)
-  Middle Ring Finger Cheetah spots using base (#E0A8D1), spot center:  (#D02690), spot border: (#583C4E)

- Edit the hair length to be knee length, indicated in red in the 4th attached image.


### 🎨 Illustrator Confirmation
Regarding edits to the hair length and tattoo, we will consult the illustrator as to if they can make the edits.

Due to the light lines from the reference image, coupled with the original specification of `Long Wolf Cut, anime/manga-esque style.` in your design submission, the illustrator may reject the request for the hair length adjustment on the grounds of details not specified in the original submission. 

Similarly, they may also reject the edits for the tattoo on a similar basis. 

While the illustrator has accepted edits from the previous stage that weren't in your original specifications, they still hold the right to reject further edits, should they not fall within the original specifications submitted to us.

We would like to ask for your understanding regarding the two edits 🙇

When you have the time, please review the above sections and let us know if the listed edits are correct.

We would also like to ask for your confirmation regarding the scope of possible edits as mentioned in the second header section. 

Should you have any concerns, or wish to ask for further clarification regarding any of the above points, please do not hesitate to reach out to us here. 
We would like to address any lingering concerns you may have, and will do our best to address them as swiftly as possible

Thank you, once again, for your patience on this matter, and for your overall patience during the production phase 🙏

We look forward to hearing from you soon!
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1450635349918351490/image.png?ex=69a81bb2&is=69a6ca32&hm=baf23ac8c70b9b1f6a102a88e24f59cd710bef7d228acd327002fed73df2c261&)
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1450635350233055365/image.png?ex=69a81bb2&is=69a6ca32&hm=83951f1754039a5b676ec9f3ea775e5380a34a7c03d72cb1c9b28cb01a2207f7&)
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1450635350614610163/image.png?ex=69a81bb3&is=69a6ca33&hm=15b3dc8533fd1b719ce41c773480e6be3d30b6cc2acd65f103ba2a724405a254&)

---

**ishi** (2025-12-17 00:45)
hey ty for the update :0 glad to hear that my concern for the thong straps worked out well \:P *Thumb*, Pointer & Pinky Finger (#721D18) was the only thing that was missing. illustrators hold the right to reject the tattoo and/or the hair length adjustment as the length of the hair was not specified nor the tattoo in the original submission <a:NezukoThumbsUp:819085765467308032> understood <:CatSalute:890862129639485440> the listed edits are going to be correct after adding the Thumb into the Pointer & Pinky Finger shade. yes, regarding the scope of possible edits as mentioned, i do confirm. for now, i have no concerns currently but i appreciate the support for my concerns regarding my model <a:cat_jam:1050374919197818920>

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-12-17 00:47)
Thank you for the correction and confirmation 🙏

I'll have everything compiled and relayed to the team right away.

Please give us a moment to process and make the edits. Once everything is ready, we'll have it shared here for review!
[Reactions: NezukoThumbsUp×1 thankyou×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-12-19 20:35)
Hi <@668203622701465610> 👋

We have the final color rough revision for you here.

Since we can only accept two sets of revisions, we will be proceeding to the line art phase after this 🙇

We still would like to get confirmation that you've seen the draft, however, and would like to request you send a message here informing us you've seen the draft.

Once we get confirmation from you, we will proceed with the line art phase!

Looking forward to hearing from you!
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1451674204113207446/image.png?ex=69a89775&is=69a745f5&hm=a72878ea6842d01943667113851bb8fabf669fb8f8a6c415c4aab184fe062bb2&)
[Reactions: NezukoThumbsUp×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-12-19 20:38)
WAAHHHHHHHH THATS PERFECT!!!!! I ABSOLUTELY AM OBSESSED WITH ITTTT YESSSS YOU MAY PROCEED WITH THE LINEART PHASE!!!! <a:cat_jam:1050374919197818920> i did more than just see it, i’m so enamored by it thank you and the illustrator <:xoCatHeartEyes:911917323496087602>
[Reactions: 🙏×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2025-12-19 20:40)
> ↩️ Reply to **ishi**: WAAHHHHHHHH THATS PERFECT!!!!! I ABSOLUTELY AM OBSESSED WITH ITTTT YESSSS YOU MA...
Thank you for the swift response, I'll be sure to relay that to the team 👍 

I'll have the line art sent here as soon as possible for review. 

Looking forward to sharing the next update!
[Reactions: thankyou×1 🖤×1 catExcited×1]

---

**ishi** (2025-12-19 20:40)
no problem!!! i am also excited for the next update x3

---

**ishi** (2026-01-08 06:04)
hey so like- not to rush the process or anything, but i lowkey want an update on my model?? we’re well over a week after the holidays so i was sort of hoping to hear soon idk

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-09 00:52)
Hi <@668203622701465610> 👋

We've checked with the illustrator and they are currently scheduled to have the line art ready by 1/10. 

We'd like to request your patience as we approach the deadline 🙇
[Reactions: NezukoThumbsUp×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-11 06:52)
Hi <@668203622701465610>!👋 

We've received the line art from our artists and would like to share it with you!
 
Please check the outlines and finer details of the outfit. 
At this stage, we can make minor adjustments, such as changing the size of accessories and embroidery. **If there is anything you would like to change, please let us know. 🙇‍♂️** 

** 📢 Reminder**
We would like to ask that you respond with any changes within 3 business days.
We will proceed with production if we do not hear from you within that time frame, so please review the draft at your earliest convenience 🙏

**💻 On Generative AI**
Usage of these models with AI models of any kind are strictly prohibited.
Please refrain from modifying these images using AI, or utilizing them as resources for AI training.

Looking forward to your impressions 😄
🖼️ 12_04_.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1459802218596274278/12_04_.png?ex=69a87f82&is=69a72e02&hm=4448bec31b1321e5cff6cba509923f7d6e62d3eed934c4c43d7cc43353cdc865&)

---

**ishi** (2026-01-11 15:18)
mmmm yea <a:w_catthumbsup:1001177760837935214> i don’t have any changes to add to it really, i think it looks fyeeee 🔥
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-13 00:36)
Glad to hear everything is good! We'll move onto the final render and update you as soon as everything is ready!

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-21 03:52)
Hi <@668203622701465610>! 👋 

Thanks for bearing with us! 
We've got the final render with expressions for you here ✨

Please take a look and tell us your thoughts!
At this stage **we can make small adjustments to the color**, so if you have a different shade in mind, we're all ears!

** 📢 Reminder**
We would like to ask that you respond with any changes within 3 business days.
We will proceed with production if we do not hear from you within that time frame, so please review the draft at your earliest convenience 🙏

**💻 On Generative AI**
Usage of these models with AI models of any kind are strictly prohibited.
Please refrain from modifying these images using AI, or utilizing them as resources for AI training.

As always, please let us know your thoughts 🙏
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to send them our way.

Looking forward to your impressions 😄
🖼️ FIU_12_04.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1463380608045682773/FIU_12_04.png?ex=69a85525&is=69a703a5&hm=90515f7e52a7b7c6882edcaa008829875eb96c7412a036c9db3378aa67c5fbd1&)
🖼️ FIU_12_04b.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1463380608544669706/FIU_12_04b.png?ex=69a85525&is=69a703a5&hm=17bf23f34c3d39e1a1e5621f814039a2b54dd845f4fd4309087c94aa5feeec48&)
🖼️ FIU_12_04c.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1463380609090060361/FIU_12_04c.png?ex=69a85525&is=69a703a5&hm=c563d3a47e797e654e0271329b83b2e71d5105229b0e82810de0adef1581d06b&)
🖼️ FIU_12_04d.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1463380609618546892/FIU_12_04d.png?ex=69a85525&is=69a703a5&hm=499f45a3cd46bb8fa3b7f8b5350f30dce2a34218562d13f4aa62bd93a46bdb80&)

---

**ishi** (2026-01-21 04:11)
> ↩️ Reply to **Hibikiii**: Hi <@668203622701465610>! 👋 

Thanks for bearing with us! 
We've got the final r...
WHOAAAAAAA <a:KittyShock:1352100973509873716> i think it looks so fyeeee 🔥🔥🔥 i think the colors are perfect, i have no different shades in mind so u can def proceed with production <a:catexcite:1001147804783218778>
[Reactions: 🙌×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-21 04:13)
> ↩️ Reply to **ishi**: WHOAAAAAAA <a:KittyShock:1352100973509873716> i think it looks so fyeeee 🔥🔥🔥 i t...
Thank you for the swift response and the kind words 🙏 

I'll let the illustrator know that they can finalize and upload the renders 👍 

Once we've confirmed all the files and prepared everything for you, I'll send another message here with the link to your google drive as well as the socials for your illustrator!

We'll update you here as soon as everything is good to go!
[Reactions: NezukoThumbsUp×1 cathappy×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-21 05:44)
Hi <@668203622701465610> 👋

We've submitted your model files[ to your assigned Google Drive linked below](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hd4p_5I4S0MerVCR2g24gZchonNvm0qx?usp=drive_link) 🎉 
Please check if you can access the files. If there are any issues, feel free to message us as always.

Please confirm the following two points below regarding your model files
### 📎 On Files
There are two sets of model files submitted to your Google Drive.
**The FIU** images are for use on the IRIAM app, and will be the files you upload to test and stream using your model.

**The HRI** images are higher resolution images that you can use for promotional purposes.
Should you need higher resolution images, feel free to scale them using the provided PSD.

### 💻 On AI
Please keep in mind that, upon request from our illustrators, 
usage of these files for training, modification, or any other use with AI is strictly prohibited.

It's been a pleasure bringing your designs to life ✨ 
We hope you enjoy streaming on IRIAM, and we can't wait for your debut!

Should you ever want to contact your illustrator, [you can reach them via their X account here.](https://x.com/kyouya0514)

Good luck from all of us at the Illustration team!
📋 **[Embed]** Google Drive: Sign-in (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1hd4p_5I4S0MerVCR2g24gZchonNvm0qx?usp=drive_link)
> Access Google Drive with a Google account (for personal use) or Google Workspace account (for business use).
📋 **[Embed]** 京谷@Skeb募集中 (@kyouya0514) on X (https://twitter.com/kyouya0514)
> まれに趣味絵を描きます。
> 有償無償問わず、リクエスト絵はリクエスト主さんのみSNS投稿OKです（その際はクレジットお願いします）
> Skeb→https://t.co/UQyR3TfyOL
> fanbox→https://t.co/1SUb8saIxx

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-01-21 05:51)
Hi! <@668203622701465610> 
Congratulations on completing your illustration!

We’re really looking forward to your debut!

And now, you are ready to debut on IRIAM!
Please let us know your preferred dates for #JumpOnIRIAM and your debut!
• #JumpOnIRIAM Post
　- ?
• Debut Date
　- ?

※Regarding your debut timing, we recommend the following two points:

・Within one month of model completion
・The debut date should be 1 to 2 weeks after the #JumpOnIRIAM post date.

Considering the above, could you please let us know your preferred date and time for your debut?
[Reactions: thankyou×1 KittyShock×1 🖤×1]

---

**ishi** (2026-01-21 05:54)
> ↩️ Reply to **Hibikiii**: Hi <@668203622701465610> 👋

We've submitted your model files[ to your assigned G...
i’ll check right now >:3 i do have access to my files!!! <a:csg_catdance:1398314932583534725> pls let my illustrator know i am supadupa gr8ful <a:kuromichuuuu:910307172284522567> THANK YOU DANIEL FOR HELPING WITH THE PROCESS TOO I AM BEYOND HONORED TO HAVE WORKED WITH THE ILLUSTRATION TEAM, FOREVER IN DEBT TO YALL <:cathappy:1164171566993657907>
[Reactions: 🙌×1]

---

**ishi** (2026-01-21 05:59)
> ↩️ Reply to **yumi_iriam staff**: Hi! <@668203622701465610> 
Congratulations on completing your illustration!

We’...
yessss yes yes so i was thinking of debuting on Valentine’s Day, February 14th, 2026 @ 2:08 PM PST \:P and my #JumpOnIRIAM Post February 2nd, 2026 @ 10:08 AM PST  x3 <a:cat_jam:1050374919197818920>

---

**ishi** (2026-01-21 05:59)
THANK YOU FOR THE CONGRATS TOO SRRY I COMPLETELY SKIPPED OV THAT

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-01-21 06:05)
We are looking forward to your debut!
[Reactions: thankyou×1 catexcite×1]

---

**ishi** (2026-01-21 06:05)
are those dates fine :0??? i hope they are, THANK YUUU <a:dancingcat:967226017120915547>

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-01-21 06:10)
Yes, those dates work perfectly!
[Reactions: w_catthumbsup×1 Nodnod×1]

---

**ishi** (2026-01-21 06:11)
OKEEEE OKEEE BET, i’ll draft up my #JumpOnIRIAM post as soon as i get home ^_^ ! thank yu so much <:nezukomad:819085141841281025>

---

**ishi** (2026-02-02 18:11)
i have posted my JumpOniRiAM https://x.com/himejoishi/status/2018385940948062265?s=46&t=ReBemN36qnGKze8nVRKv1A
📋 **[Embed]**  (https://twitter.com/himejoishi/status/2018385940948062265?s=46&t=ReBemN36qnGKze8nVRKv1A)
> ayeeeeooo wassuh, stonerz in da buildinggg stand up 🗣️
> 
> i put the oishii in \#himejoishi 🖤🩸 it’s the gang$ta ishi, the only punkrock polarizing lesbian vampire ;3
> 
> 🩷 i’m finna \#JumpOniRiAM as an \#EarlyAccess streamer on valentine’s dayski @ 2:08 PM PST 𓂃 ࣪˖ ཐི༏ཋྀ
> 
> \#IRIAM準備中
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-02-16 01:38)
Hi, <@668203622701465610>  !!

Congratulations on your debut on IRIAM! Your first stream was amazing!!
We hope your first stream on IRIAM was a wonderful experience for you as well!

Whether you’ll be able to build the ideal path as a Vtuber/IRIAM streamer depends on how frequently you can stream over the next month.
It’s really important for a new Vtuber to establish viewing habits for your audience, so it may be tough, but please do your best!!

Also, if you know anyone around you who seems suited for or interested in becoming a Vtuber/IRIAM streamer, please feel free to recommend the Debut Start Program to them!
https://us.iriam.com/debut-support-program
📋 **[Embed]** Debut Support Program - IRIAM (https://us.iriam.com/debut-support-program)
> Ready to become a VTuber? Start with IRIAM!

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-02-24 01:45)
Hi, <@668203622701465610>  !!
It’s been about a week since your debut—how are things going?

We hope you’re continuing to have wonderful streams on IRIAM!
Also, we’d love to have a meeting with you to look back on your streams and talk about future plans.
Could you please use the link below to schedule a meeting?
https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ186Fm0K4zy0TzUq_Xz4h8lTGzSl4dM0Xt11EZW_8Es8L3JgK0rXYqXxHpqJRTD7v-nEworeu4T
Thank you!

* Please enter your streaming name when booking.
📋 **[Embed]** EAS Debut Meeting - Sohei Higuchi (https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ186Fm0K4zy0TzUq_Xz4h8lTGzSl4dM0Xt11EZW_8Es8L3JgK0rXYqXxHpqJRTD7v-nEworeu4T)

---

**ishi** (2026-02-24 05:17)
> ↩️ Reply to **yumi_iriam staff**: Hi, <@668203622701465610>  !!

Congratulations on your debut on IRIAM! Your firs...
hai!!!! i apologize for the delayed response but thank youuu, my debut stream was so wonderful thank youuuu. and i have suggested about two of my mutuals to apply for the dsp before it releases <:edgy_stronkcat:1179336886985175130>

---

**ishi** (2026-02-24 05:22)
> ↩️ Reply to **yumi_iriam staff**: Hi, <@668203622701465610>  !!
It’s been about a week since your debut—how are th...
things have been very enjoyable for lack of better words, i love and miss streaming :3 and im in awe of how perfect my model is so it’s quite motivating to be able to interact with ppl with the png i have. i have set up an appointment for Thursday, March 5th, @ 5:15 PM! i’d love to look back on my streams and talk abt what’s to come, i’ll be anticipating it! have a good night, thank you so much 🖤🩸
🖼️ 3A42E050-6BDB-4983-BE92-0E477FCB5EEB.jpg (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1411117738465951845/1475724583108739163/3A42E050-6BDB-4983-BE92-0E477FCB5EEB.jpg?ex=69a86a5e&is=69a718de&hm=8dbd5e5522183f7c882123a4f76698c65849eb93e98b80c7915cebf8281e8d10&)
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---
