# #ririmi-noa-iriam_45000

**Channel ID**: 1449942423102034010
**取得日時**: 2026-03-03T23:25:52
**メッセージ数**: 51

---

## 会話ログ

**PrivateChannelMaker** (2025-12-15 01:53)
Hi, <@900827341071204414>!
Welcome to IRIAM! We’re so excited to have you join as a new streamer! :tada:
This private DM will be used for all future communications. Please read carefully before proceeding.

⸻

:blue_book: Onboarding Guide

Here’s your onboarding guide again:
:point_right: [IRIAM Streamer Onboarding Guide](https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/IRIAM-Streamer-Onboarding-Guide-1f6a9a61d43180968b8ddcf853a5de28)

Please review everything — especially the #JumpOnIRIAM section.
We’ve recently seen posts that don’t follow the guidelines (e.g., logo-only posts or posts made before the debut date). Make sure to read that part closely!

⸻

:art: About Your Model

Please choose one of the following options and reply using the format below.

Option 1: Immediate debut with a pre-made Japanese PNG model
:point_right: [Pre-Made Character Illustrations](https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/Pre-made-Character-Illustrations-23ea9a61d43180738048f7891ee1d211?pvs=74)
→ Choose your desired model number

Option 2: A custom PNG model made for you
:point_right: [Model Request Form](https://tally.so/r/3N9xej)
Deadline: within 2 weeks of this message
Reference: Sample Character Design Brief

⸻

:white_check_mark: What to Do First

Copy and send the following here:

:one: About you
- Name (used in application):
- Email (used in application):

:two: Model choice
Option 1 →
- Desired model number:
- Your official Streamer name on IRIAM:
or
Option 2 → Please Complete [Model Request Form](https://tally.so/r/3N9xej) by 2-week deadline

:three: Create your IRIAM account
Follow the manual to link with your X (Twitter) account, then send the URL here.

⸻

Once again, welcome aboard!
We can’t wait to see your debut on IRIAM! :star2:
📋 **[Embed]** IRIAM Streamer Onboarding Guide | Notion (https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/IRIAM-Streamer-Onboarding-Guide-1f6a9a61d43180968b8ddcf853a5de28)
> Thank you for choosing IRIAM as the platform for your streams!
📋 **[Embed]** Pre-made Character Illustrations | Notion (https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/Pre-made-Character-Illustrations-23ea9a61d43180738048f7891ee1d211?pvs=74)
> Hosted by Notion Sites — The easiest way to get a website up and running.
📋 **[Embed]** IRIAM Debut Support Program - Character Design Brief (PNG illustrat... (https://tally.so/r/3N9xej)
> Made with Tally, the simplest way to create forms.
🖼️ link_x_account.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1449942427522568273/link_x_account.png?ex=69a8395d&is=69a6e7dd&hm=0ec0a545ac8c135ba8e4990773671c6efe94e8ce25ec3b4bb54248dcac791f3b&)

---

**xfawn_** (2025-12-15 02:40)
Name: Miko
Email: mikomiso@gmail.com

**Model choice:**
Option 2 (I will send my form in soon!)

IRIAM Account: https://web.iriam.app/s/user/b5auiFD7MN?uuid=1dc007fd
📋 **[Embed]** Ririmi Noa 🦴🕯 (https://web.iriam.app/s/user/b5auiFD7MN?uuid=1dc007fd)
> IRIAM - あなたらしいキャラで、おしゃべりしよう！ -
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**xfawn_** (2025-12-15 17:10)
I have completed the Tally Form whenever you all have time to look that over! Thank you so much once again for this wonderful opportunity!
[Reactions: 🙌×1 ❤️×1]

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2025-12-16 01:42)
Hi! <@900827341071204414> 
In the meantime, we’ve put together a timeline and a list of things you should prepare before your debut, so please take a look at the following link:
https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/Debut-Prep-Handbook-for-DSP-201a9a61d431802e9906e97e0ca41ca5

Thanks again!
📋 **[Embed]** Debut Prep Handbook for DSP | Notion (https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/Debut-Prep-Handbook-for-DSP-201a9a61d431802e9906e97e0ca41ca5)
> ref.
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-12-16 01:43)
Hi <@900827341071204414> ! 👋 

Nathan here from the illustration team! I'll be one of the art coordinators for your debut illustration. It’s an honor to help bring your character to life! ✨

## **🚧 Current status**
・We've received your design form, and **it is currently queued for verification**
・We'll update you when production starts and provide a timeline for when you can expect everything!
・Should the illustrator have any questions, we will contact you again here to request clarification or extra references.

## **🖌️ Review checkpoints (3 total)**
- **Color rough** – Here we provide the rough draft to check the composition, base colors, and overall vibe of the model
- **Line art** – The illustrator will clean up the outlines from the rough draft phase. This may come as a black and white image, or with flat colors.
- **Final render** – The illustrator will color and render the model, putting the finishing touches here. 
**Please share any major changes at the color-rough stage**; it’s fastest to make adjustments there. Please keep in mind that detailed edits can add to the production timeline.
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-12-16 01:43)
## **📎 A few notes**
・**Artist info stays private until the illustration is finished.** 
　When the final piece is delivered, We’ll share the artist’s name and X (Twitter) handle so you can send thanks or discuss future work.

・Most of our illustrators are ***Japan-based***. 
　We’ll handle all communication for this project, but you’re welcome to contact them afterward—just remember many aren’t native English speakers.

・**Please refrain from posting the art here on your socials until after we submit the art to your designated Google Drive folder.** 
　Once we get the finished version, we'll let you know so you can update your pfp, or post on X!

・**We may request extra references!**
　To help us comply with Japanese rights regulations, **please paste all references as URL links and not as images for all media you do not own the rights for.**

    If you wish to use images or models you created and own the rights to, feel free to directly attach them here on Discord.
    
    Please undersand that **we cannot accept AI references.**
    We retain the right to reject references images should it be determined that the image has been created or modified in any way using AI.

・**Please do not utilize, or modify provided models with any AI software, generative or otherwise**
　We will provide drafts at each checkpoint stage. Please refrain from modifying or using these images with generative AI or LLMs

That’s it for now! We are always open if you have questions.
Looking forward to showing you the first color rough soon.
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**xfawn_** (2025-12-16 07:49)
Awesome! Sounds great!
[Reactions: 🙏×1]

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-12-23 09:27)
Hi <@900827341071204414> 👋
Quick update from the illustration team. We've started the pre-production phase of your model and are confirming all the details and contents.
At this phase, we need to check that the design will not violate any of the IRIAM platforms rules, as well as ensure we have a proper references where necessary. 
Our illustration team would like to ask you the following questions before we get started on your illustration:

* Reference copyright confirmation
We would like to confirm if you own the copyright to the attached images you have submitted with your application. In the case that you don't, could you send us the URLs to the images instead? 🙏

Thank you! We are looking forward to your response. 😄
🖼️ image_7.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1452955668817641512/image_7.png?ex=69a8a3aa&is=69a7522a&hm=18b064f68bae6b25772ca60e922dc5ba4436b0586b214f518561aa9da636e36a&)
🖼️ image_6.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1452955669207580732/image_6.png?ex=69a8a3aa&is=69a7522a&hm=911c09ab80d854b9b7a593977323130b99d5444c62f3ef4ffbebda72f3866a2e&)
🖼️ image_5.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1452955669584937111/image_5.png?ex=69a8a3aa&is=69a7522a&hm=8bb399ae022e67e3592e88956670f470907e7190170adf2091b30ccfb10b423f&)
🖼️ image_4.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1452955669920743444/image_4.png?ex=69a8a3aa&is=69a7522a&hm=93d1175d368bef94a9ab4bc05ddb2a764dcfd2e8ffb85af9cad1ddee9811560b&)
🖼️ image_2.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1452955670340042772/image_2.png?ex=69a8a3aa&is=69a7522a&hm=50d79ea039422685646511581501f73ff895d522c1b24ff53ae7e8c12c802201&)

---

**xfawn_** (2025-12-23 15:18)
Yep! I'll send those URLs soon!

---

**xfawn_** (2025-12-23 21:16)
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/976507131726341701/

---

**xfawn_** (2025-12-23 21:17)
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/157837161934845166/
📋 **[Embed]** Pinterest | Милые рисунки, Иллюстрации ар... (https://www.pinterest.com/pin/157837161934845166/)
> Автор пина:киса. Находите и прикалывайте свои пины в Pinterest!

---

**xfawn_** (2025-12-23 21:19)
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/1083326885386017564/
📋 **[Embed]** Brand: Sugar Girl

#egl #jfashion #harajuku #harajukufashion #lolit... (https://www.pinterest.com/pin/1083326885386017564/)
> Dec 1, 2025 - Brand: Sugar Girl
> 
> #egl #jfashion #harajuku #harajukufashion #lolita #lolitacoord #lolitacoordinate #lolitafashion #rorita #roritafashion #roritacoord #roritacoordinate #coord #coordinate #subculture #alt #alternative #japanese #japanesefashion #jfashion #doll #fashion #frills #lace #cute #kawaii #kawaiifashion #hime #princess #got...

---

**xfawn_** (2025-12-23 21:20)
https://www.pinterest.com/pin/159948224260439906/
📋 **[Embed]** Floppy ears on a brown and white puppy (https://www.pinterest.com/pin/159948224260439906/)
> Adorable image of a puppy with floppy ears sitting next to a fireplace on a carpet. Explore the cuteness of this dog with unique features.

---

**Nathan Luk** (2025-12-24 06:31)
> ↩️ Reply to **xfawn_**: https://www.pinterest.com/pin/159948224260439906/
Thank you for the new reference links!

In the meanwhile, please allow us some more time to process your application.
At this phase, we need to check that the design will not violate any of the IRIAM platforms rules, as well as ensure we have a proper references where necessary. 
A member of the illustration team may reach out to you again should we need additional clarification, extra references, or if there are any concerns over your design. 🙇

We will update you here once everything is confirmed and in order! 
Looking forward to sharing future updates with you! 🤝

And happy holidays! 🎉
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**Nathan Luk** (2026-01-07 06:50)
Hi <@900827341071204414> 👋

Happy New Year! 🎍

Quick update from the illustration team. We've confirmed your design specifications and have queued your model for illustration.

We will provide a rough date when you can expect the first color rough once your illustrator is assigned. Then, we will review the edits we can make at each stage.
Please keep in mind that once we assign an illustrator, it will be difficult to make large additions to your model.
Should you have any last minute requests or additions, please let us know ASAP. 🙏

If you have any questions or concerns, feel free to reach out to any of the illustration team members here, and we will do our best to assist you!

Looking forward to sharing future updates. 😄

---

**xfawn_** (2026-01-07 14:40)
Sounds great!
[Reactions: 🙏×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-08 02:08)
Hi <@900827341071204414>  👋 

We've started production on your model and expect to have the first color rough by **1/26** 🎉 
We would also like to review the overall flow during the production phase, and what we can accommodate.

### 🏁 **Review Checkpoints**
We will have **three review checkpoints** where we will share a draft for you to review:

**Colored rough sketch > Line art > Rendering**

Here are the changes we can accommodate at each phase:

- **Phase 1: Color Rough**
Here we can accommodate up to two sets of changes. These can be changes to the clothes themselves, adding smaller additional accessories, or touching up the hair! The biggest changes happen here, so please let us know if there are things you'd like to add once we get the draft to you!
**We can accept up to two sets of revisions at this stage**, so if the you'd like extra revisions after seeing an edited draft, we're all ears!

- **Phase 2: Line Art**
The illustrator will clean up the outlines from the rough draft, allowing for more clarity for smaller details. Here we can adjust the size of accessories and the finer details of clothes! Here, **we can only accommodate one set of adjustments**, so please bear that in mind 🙏

- **Phase 3: Final Render**
The illustrator will color in the outline and render the piece. Here we can adjust the colors, brightness, and saturation, but we cannot make adjustments to the design itself. Similar to the Line Art phase, **we can only accommodate one set of adjustments.**


### 🚨 **Review Timeframe**
In order to ensure a proper schedule and workflow for our illustrators, we'd like to request a response to each draft within **3 business days** to avoid delays in production 🙏

**Should we fail to hear from you within that time frame, we will continue with production and will be unable to accept revisions for that phase.**

Since the scope of changes are different at each stage, please make sure to check the drafts as soon as possible.
We will be sure to ping you here on Discord, so please have @ notifications enabled.

### 💻 **On Generative AI**
We will provide drafts at each checkpoint stage. 
Please refrain from modifying or using these images with generative AI or LLMs.

Thank you for your understanding and cooperation in helping us bring your model to life 🙇
We're looking forward to sharing the draft and will be back as soon as possible!
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**xfawn_** (2026-01-08 02:57)
Hi Daniel! Thank you so much for the update! I'm so excited for the rough draft.

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-19 07:17)
Hi <@900827341071204414> ! 👋 
We've received the color rough submission from our art team and would like to share it with you 🎉

Please take a moment to **check out the color palette, expression, outfit details, pose, and overall vibe**
to see if it matches what you were imagining!

If you have any **concerns or design change requests**, now would be the perfect time to let us know!
Please keep in mind that once we move to further stages, it will be difficult to make larger revisions 🙇

** 📢 Reminder**
We would like to ask that you respond with any changes within 3 business days.
We will proceed with production if we do not hear from you within that time frame, so please review the draft at your earliest convenience 🙏

**💻 On Generative AI**
Usage of these models with AI models of any kind are strictly prohibited.
Please refrain from modifying these images using AI, or utilizing them as resources for AI training.

That’s it for now, let us know your thoughts here!  
If everything is good with you, we can proceed to the clean line art phase.

We're looking forward to your impressions 😄
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1462707572162428981/image.png?ex=69a88554&is=69a733d4&hm=47197ee073f1e1ccfd0a10db80dd472cdb5ca5e4978b99692bb4304a3fd3360b&)

---

**xfawn_** (2026-01-19 14:49)
Hi!! This looks perfect so far, I just have a few small suggestions!

For a bit of contrast, adding some silver chains along the skirt hem would be pretty neat! 

https://pin.it/29ldhpewN
📋 **[Embed]** Y2k Skirts Black Plaid Skirt Handmade Remake Skirts Mini Skirts Cak... (https://pin.it/29ldhpewN)
> Jul 10, 2025 - This Womens Skirts item by CreativeNookByShana has 767 favorites from Etsy shoppers. Ships from Austin, TX. Listed on Dec 10, 2025

---

**xfawn_** (2026-01-19 14:52)
I think that's really it so far for adjustments!

If anything feels too simple, feel free to enhance or adjust details in a way that adds impact, as long as the main idea and aesthetic stay recognizable. I trust your judgment to make it shine.

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-20 01:52)
> ↩️ Reply to **xfawn_**: Hi!! This looks perfect so far, I just have a few small suggestions!

For a bit ...
Thank you for the feedback <@900827341071204414> 🙏

Unfortunately we may not be able to make additions for accessories and design elements that were not originally included in the design specification.

While we may be able to send the request to the illustrator, they also have the ability to reject said request as it would fall outside the scope of your original submission.

Please give us a moment to confirm with the team as to if we can accept this request or not 🙇

---

**xfawn_** (2026-01-20 01:53)
Sounds good! If not, there is no worries.

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-20 02:08)
Hi <@900827341071204414> 👋 
Unfortunately we won't be able to add the chains to the design due to the points mentioned earlier 🙇

Should you have any other edit requests, feel free to let us know 🙏
If everything looks good, we can move onto the line art phase next!

Let us know as soon as you have the time~

---

**xfawn_** (2026-01-20 02:08)
Yep! That'll be great, you guys can move on forward with the design!
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-20 02:09)
Perfect, thank you for the swift response 👍 

We'll have the line art shared here for review as soon as it's ready!

Looking forward to the next update 😄

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-25 23:14)
Hi <@900827341071204414> !👋 

We've received the line art from our artists and would like to share it with you!
 
Please check the outlines and finer details of the outfit. 
At this stage, we can make minor adjustments, such as changing the size of accessories and embroidery. **If there is anything you would like to change, please let us know. 🙇‍♂️** 

** 📢 Reminder**
We would like to ask that you respond with any changes within 3 business days.
We will proceed with production if we do not hear from you within that time frame, so please review the draft at your earliest convenience 🙏

**💻 On Generative AI**
Usage of these models with AI models of any kind are strictly prohibited.
Please refrain from modifying these images using AI, or utilizing them as resources for AI training.

Looking forward to your impressions 😄
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1465122741823738130/image.png?ex=69a8bce2&is=69a76b62&hm=c16c90870a621ef1ced20fec66f5fbbf07d7cb440517b8368a10413e826ec2c6&)

---

**xfawn_** (2026-01-26 14:46)
Can the lineart for the eyes have the sideways triangles similar to this reference that I put in my form? Otherwise, I believe that is it for minor details that need to be changed. Everything else looks great!
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1465357237076623560/image.png?ex=69a845c6&is=69a6f446&hm=effb1fa1ffaabc5191c45a480469a532bceb4a37aace300503f7e95c79e2530e&)

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-01-27 01:33)
> ↩️ Reply to **xfawn_**: Can the lineart for the eyes have the sideways triangles similar to this referen...
Hi <@900827341071204414> 👋

We can have that relayed to the illustrator, but please keep in mind that the illustrator may opt to have the changes reflected in the final render.

I'll message them with your edits and let you know how they decide to proceed 👍

---

**xfawn_** (2026-01-27 01:33)
Sounds good! Just let me know how that goes.

---

**xfawn_** (2026-01-27 01:34)
Either way, they can proceed either with changing up the lineart or doing that part in the final render. It honestly isn't that much of a large deal whenever they want to do it. 💜
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-02-03 03:43)
Hi <@900827341071204414> 👋

Small update from the team, the illustrators will be proceeding to the final render and should have it ready for review by **2/13**

Thank you for bearing with us so far and we look forward to sharing the render here soon!
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-02-09 06:24)
Hi <@900827341071204414>! 👋 

Thanks for bearing with us! 
We've got the final render with expressions for you here ✨

Please take a look and tell us your thoughts!
At this stage **we can make small adjustments to the color**, so if you have a different shade in mind, we're all ears!

** 📢 Reminder**
We would like to ask that you respond with any changes within 3 business days.
We will proceed with production if we do not hear from you within that time frame, so please review the draft at your earliest convenience 🙏

**💻 On Generative AI**
Usage of these models with AI models of any kind are strictly prohibited.
Please refrain from modifying these images using AI, or utilizing them as resources for AI training.

As always, please let us know your thoughts 🙏
If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to send them our way.

Looking forward to your impressions 😄
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1470304400387080264/image.png?ex=69a878ed&is=69a7276d&hm=1ad657dda9b9951558c46a2da604c50f0638fcc3a1c1b54558c3541cf0a59a3b&)
🖼️ image.png (https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1449942423102034010/1470304401615749222/image.png?ex=69a878ee&is=69a7276e&hm=4c6a599da63479f41a8c779132fc521fe77959bfcfb70ee04158df7d2b746ef5&)

---

**xfawn_** (2026-02-09 15:37)
OH MY GOD!! SHE'S GORGEOUS TYSMM

---

**xfawn_** (2026-02-09 15:38)
I don't have any color adjustments honestly 😭😭

---

**xfawn_** (2026-02-10 02:59)
You all did a wonderful job with the design process! I am super happy with the design and we can proceed with the production 💜
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-02-10 05:52)
> ↩️ Reply to **xfawn_**: You all did a wonderful job with the design process! I am super happy with the d...
Thank you for checking 👍 

We'll have the illustrator finalize and upload the renders.

Once everything is ready for you, we'll update you here with the link to your designated Google Drive, as well as your illustrator's socials!

---

**xfawn_** (2026-02-10 14:31)
Awesome! Thank you so much!

---

**Hibikiii** (2026-02-12 03:49)
Hi <@900827341071204414> 👋

[We've submitted your model files to your assigned Google Drive linked below](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ThF98w3N0DQ53siG2qrvYNCwn06-LPQa?usp=drive_link) 🎉 
Please check if you can access the files. If there are any issues, feel free to message us as always.

Please confirm the following two points below regarding your model files
### 📎 On Files
There are two sets of model files submitted to your Google Drive.
**The FIU** images are for use on the IRIAM app, and will be the files you upload to test and stream using your model.

**The HRI** images are higher resolution images that you can use for promotional purposes.
Should you need higher resolution images, feel free to scale them using the provided PSD.

### 💻 On AI
Please keep in mind that, upon request from our illustrators, 
usage of these files for training, modification, or any other use with AI is strictly prohibited.

It's been a pleasure bringing your designs to life ✨ 
We hope you enjoy streaming on IRIAM, and we can't wait for your debut!

Should you ever want to contact your illustrator, [you can reach them via their X account here.](https://x.com/togane_iro0201)

Good luck from all of us at the Illustration team!
📋 **[Embed]** Google Drive: Sign-in (https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ThF98w3N0DQ53siG2qrvYNCwn06-LPQa?usp=drive_link)
> Access Google Drive with a Google account (for personal use) or Google Workspace account (for business use).
📋 **[Embed]** 咎音いろ🛸💎 (@togane_iro0201) on X (https://twitter.com/togane_iro0201)
> illustrator//依頼⭕️依頼はDMorメール\(toganeiro@gmail\.com\)にて。さぶ（@iroiroiroro0201）amzn：https://t.co/RXbqXCtmpH
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-02-12 04:42)
Hi! <@900827341071204414> 
Congratulations on completing your illustration!

We’re really looking forward to your debut!

And now, you are ready to debut on IRIAM!
Please let us know your preferred dates for #JumpOnIRIAM and your debut!
• #JumpOnIRIAM Post
　- ?
• Debut Date
　- ?

Regarding your debut timing, we recommend the following two points:

・Within one month of model completion
・The debut date should be 1 to 2 weeks after the #JumpOnIRIAM post date.
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**xfawn_** (2026-02-12 14:53)
> ↩️ Reply to **Hibikiii**: Hi <@900827341071204414> 👋

[We've submitted your model files to your assigned G...
All the files are in the Drive! Thank you so much once again!

#JumpOnIRIAM Post Date: Friday the 13th, 2026!

Debut Date: February 21st <3
[Reactions: 🙌×1]

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-02-13 02:42)
Thank you for your reply!

Please make sure to review the manual thoroughly before making your #JumpOnIRIAM post and conducting your test streams.

Please keep the following points in mind:
・Until your official debut day, you are only permitted to use "Stealth Streaming Mode."
・Any #JumpOnIRIAM posts that do not follow the official requirements will not be retweeted.

We are truly looking forward to your debut!

https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/IRIAM-Streamer-Onboarding-Guide-1f6a9a61d43180968b8ddcf853a5de28
📋 **[Embed]** IRIAM Streamer Onboarding Guide | Notion (https://honored-steel-29c.notion.site/IRIAM-Streamer-Onboarding-Guide-1f6a9a61d43180968b8ddcf853a5de28)
> Thank you for choosing IRIAM as the platform for your streams!

---

**xfawn_** (2026-02-13 17:58)
https://x.com/i/status/2022086065390334092
📋 **[Embed]**  (https://twitter.com/i/status/2022086065390334092)
> Did you wait for meee? Hehe… ૮₍ ´ ꒳ \`₎ა
> 
> I’m Ririmi Noa \- your slightly clumsy, world\-hopping guardian puppy spirit 🐾🌙
> 
> Here to protect your smiles, chase away bad dreams, and maybe cause just a tiny bit of chaos~
> 
> Ri\-ri~ who’s with me?\!
> \#jumponIRIAM \#VtuberEN \#IRIAM

---

**xfawn_** (2026-02-13 17:59)
Here is my Jump on IRIAM post! I sadly realized only after I made the image that I needed to add the Early Access Streamer png file 😔

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-02-16 05:32)
> ↩️ Reply to **xfawn_**: Here is my Jump on IRIAM post! I sadly realized only after I made the image that...
Please add the logo, delete your original post, and then repost it.
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**xfawn_** (2026-02-20 01:08)
https://x.com/ririminoa/status/2024651754776752492?s=20
📋 **[Embed]**  (https://twitter.com/ririminoa/status/2024651754776752492?s=20)
> Did you wait for meee? Hehe… ૮₍ ´ ꒳ \`₎ა
> 
> I’m Ririmi Noa \- your slightly clumsy, world\-hopping guardian puppy spirit 🐾🌙
> 
> Here to protect your smiles& chase away bad dreams on IRIAM US as an Early Access Streamer\!
> 
> Ri\-ri~ who’s with me?\!
> \#JumpOnIRIAM  \#IRIAMEarlyAccess
[Reactions: 👍×1]

---

**xfawn_** (2026-02-20 01:09)
Here is the edited version! Let me know if I need to fill out another Boarding Pass Request!

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-02-20 02:58)
> ↩️ Reply to **xfawn_**: Here is the edited version! Let me know if I need to fill out another Boarding P...
The revised post looks wonderful! Please submit the request again.
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-02-24 01:21)
Hi, <@900827341071204414> !!

Congratulations on your debut on IRIAM! Your first stream was amazing!!
We hope your first stream on IRIAM was a wonderful experience for you as well!

Whether you’ll be able to build the ideal path as a Vtuber/IRIAM streamer depends on how frequently you can stream over the next month.
It’s really important for a new Vtuber to establish viewing habits for your audience, so it may be tough, but please do your best!!

Also, if you know anyone around you who seems suited for or interested in becoming a Vtuber/IRIAM streamer, please feel free to recommend the Debut Start Program to them!
https://us.iriam.com/debut-support-program
📋 **[Embed]** Debut Support Program - IRIAM (https://us.iriam.com/debut-support-program)
> Ready to become a VTuber? Start with IRIAM!
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**yumi_iriam staff** (2026-03-02 01:46)
Hi, <@900827341071204414>  !!
It’s been about a week since your debut—how are things going?

We hope you’re continuing to have wonderful streams on IRIAM!
Also, we’d love to have a meeting with you to look back on your streams and talk about future plans.
Could you please use the link below to schedule a meeting?
https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ06GQDt-SaxQBFj8GTwjnkp45z07wQOSQlBw_D2hdokOfsmByDnNI84KPcjzRXw-YZ3rBAzoHTL
Thank you!

* Please enter your streaming name when booking.
📋 **[Embed]** EAS Debut Meeting - Hana Yokomori (https://calendar.google.com/calendar/u/0/appointments/schedules/AcZssZ06GQDt-SaxQBFj8GTwjnkp45z07wQOSQlBw_D2hdokOfsmByDnNI84KPcjzRXw-YZ3rBAzoHTL)
[Reactions: ❤️×1]

---

**xfawn_** (2026-03-03 17:24)
Yes, of course! I will schedule that shortly!

---
